thinking about your tribute was so
beautiful last week well I was thinking
about you guys and how close you were I
mean really really like family with Dawn
which one of you did he like better
let's just start with that
John you think John was the favorite
well he called him stavos so he never
got his name right I mean it and John
got close to them first I mean he really
did love Jonathan he took him back to an
older time of showbiz when people were
like John just handsome and smart and
didn't talk about show business talked
about family and oh that's why full
house will never go up yeah how do you
meet Don in the first well I I say I was
at Tony's to burn a Greek restaurant and
I sat next to him and we you know it was
about 15 or 17 years ago so it was
before his you know his Renaissance his
resurgence so I just think to sort of be
by his side to watch him get the
accolades that he deserves you know I
think after the documentary member mr.
warm people thought like oh he's still
alive and he's still the finest guy on
the planet and that is a great
documentary that people should watch
it's a great opportunity to watch the
mr. warm which really covers is he's a
clearer than you know the beginning part
of his career which you know even like
for me I of course love them on The
Tonight Show and um and all these things
but I didn't know about all the stuff
that precede that III became in love
with him at 17 years old I snuck into
the Latin casino in New Jersey really
and I was underage and so I got arrested
but I just I loved him from the Tonight
Show and I loved them from everything he
ever did all the roasts and everything
and his way of roasting was like nobody
else's it was not done mean-spirited he
did it out of love but then when he was
mean to you
it was like a privilege I think it was
like a gift it really was a great like
not too many people you're thrilled when
they say something mean to you I really
think of anyone else but for every mean
thing he said in his whole career he
said two nice things for that proving
and he loved you Jim they love you a lot
well I may have a jealous actually no it
did not know he you guys were I mean
listen you I know you guys talked on the
phone all
all the time it was like it was a really
a fatherly type relation I didn't grow
up you know I didn't like you know stay
up late to watch my cars and like I mean
I was certainly aware of him but we
started out straight-up court of like
you know talking about
I never say he said he was like a father
figure that was here for him to say I
didn't you know I tread lightly on those
sure words but we talked about that he
you know he really wanted me to find a
girl and yeah woman yeah sister said he
says stop dating you know teenagers and
John maybe i'ma need a this but he'll
told me the same thing comment when he
did that joke he was like a Stamos a
nine year old to make my nine like make
up wanna hear 22 yeah yeah and a nine
year old I mean that's saying that's not
appropriate right that's wrong usual
that is wrong but you made it so you
made him so happy because you didn't
just find a woman you found thousands of
now he women all over everywhere in
elevators I would say he had a little
clicker for each other we wouldn't cause
it wasn't gonna left by the way I won't
let you although Gator because he was
just kind of obsessed with you guys
settling down he's got your balls right
he wasn't worried about Bob right we got
a long conversation
I won't even do a second what are we
doing Bob why do you say he was worried
about Bob look at him well I know
goodness what this is what everybody
said about my comedy I was like it is
gonna be foul um well he would say that
um I would come out and I look like a
Jewish Clark Kent and he was tough he
would tell this to Bob Newhart and Tim
Conway is contemporaries and Bob Newhart
did best friends and he would say you
know what Bob Saget doesn't his act and
there we go what he goes oh he comes out
like a Jewish clack Kent and then he
sings a song and the monkey the dog and
the dog monkey yeah and I said son I did
I don't do this
I've been purred no it said an John and
John
well that's just rude but uh how many
times needed two of you to have dinner
with Don what would you guess Allah a
lot when I first started hanging out
them you know like I said 15 seven years
ago just me dawn and Barbara and now
everything because by wife beautiful
wife we send so much love to right now
oh and is a daughter Mindy a lot of love
to that family you know I love the last
Barbara or Donny so you say hey Don how
are you and he would always say we're
fine
Barbara how are you we're fine yeah
beautiful you know and Barbara knew
every story you know I couldn't care
less
he would just push your glasses up takes
up her bra on her head hit the sink
you know those with their jewelry but I
would give the jewelry wager down on the
pool I love a barber we'll be having a
conversation with my wife or whomever
she was sitting next to and Don would be
telling a story and he gets stuck on
some detail of the story you wouldn't
even think Barbara was listening to pick
up our movies like Sinatra if they're
sad yeah keep going in all the blanks
and we'll have at we'll have another
round
yeah give me that cookie and she said
Don you can't have the cookie you have
diabeetus John give it to me snuck him
cookies and look at Bay Bolivia no they
gave me great John why are you
getting you know nightstick in the bill
and we go home
yeah I had a dinner story with him and
it was just John couldn't make it I
think he was busy dating a nine year old
and uh the great thing was and I finally
met a beautiful woman who I'm madly in
love with and Don got to meet her and
approved her and it was really about her
same thing why I think with me and it's
the same woman which is our
however we both we both met with it
minds actually a woman doors I mean I
don't mean what I mean for my age I'm
your senior yes sorry I'll just tell you
this briefly because I wanted to clean
up this story yeah we're dinner at
Craigs who emailed me before I got here
and said please mention me on the air so
we're there and I'm just just Barbara
Don in me or I I don't know I don't care
and I may bring out these little hot
dogs wrapped in dough because they bring
them up and I should bring him the hot
dogs wrapped in dough because he liked
them so they've eaten one and she goes
Don where'd you get that and he was
where'd I get it it's a restaurant but
but I ordered it right so she gets up
she's like mad she goes to the bathroom
and to make him laugh that's like a big
gift yeah I did this is one that I'll
always remember
so she gets up goes to the bathroom and
I said you got to get out of this and
the man hit the tape and then and then
he smacked me is that the garrison act
in the face many times he would do it
lovingly to didn't love comics to be
honest with you but he'd love YouTube he
didn't love comics in general heat right
didn't you table and when I first
started bringing Bob rasa yeah keep the
comics away or whatever but then he but
slowly he started to really love Bob and
then you you really could make them
laugh that's what I love it was really
hard for me I mean it would you did the
other night it's how I feel right now
yeah cuz I just and I don't like doing
it either in front of people but I just
love ball I don't want to upset you and
I know you are of the water and I just I
do want to say about the two of you John
Stamos and Bob Saget between the cookies
and the hot dogs Phil Don Rickles good
evening mr. president
nice to see you sir and your lovely wife
Nancy it's a big treat for me to fly all
the way to California to be here for
this kind of money
[Applause]
so gone I would have I had to guess I'd
say you guys were at hundreds of dinners
with Don he would tell he had a kind of
a rotation of stories that who go
through and if there's somebody new at
the table he would share those what's
your favorite of all the maybe even one
that there were some that he only told
with very small groups is there one that
comes to mind will be the ranked story
why don't you tell it you know if hey
tell that story I think that's probably
the thing people know most of them know
what I did but you know it maybe this
isn't your tournament but I have it I
knew a secret because we had the same
audio/video guy and all his passwords
were Hitler no actually when we were
yeah okay
oh yeah a year ago a year ago we were
that's excellent I add as a very
Sicilian that's really easy to figure
out we were at the Saban theatre and he
performed and at that time he couldn't
he couldn't stand and so he was in the
chair and we were all there and he got
up one time in the act one time and it
was planned and it was to goose-step he
said how he had to get he put the
mustache on this is a man he spent all
of his energy to stand up just to walk
across the stage right now
cystic goo step and go your vole I don't
know we are going to show where he does
exactly then the the asian person over
there and african-american person there
an extra person he likes come up there
was no asian person he might have been
there yeah I mean he was the best I have
to say that it's just been the highlight
of my life to have spent time with him
and that's that's sweet that's the of
the truth you spoke to Bob Newhart today
I did on the way here I talked to him
and I said you know I you're it now so
we're gonna take on or oh you know what
I said and I'm attracted to your wife
Jenny and he said oh oh that's that's
amazing
and so we are going to take him to
dinner and find a new person who is
already being replaced what have you I
was emotional in the waiter I needed
someone to take it this is not American
Idol or the voice we got we can wait
wait I hate any talk to uh last time I
talked to him was I guess so hard like
five weeks ago I called him and I said
how you feeling and he said what do I
have to do to get you out of my life I
didn't apparently have anything to do
with it he did a little one-on-one thing
not just with people he knew but also
with everyone he passed I got so many
messages on Twitter and emails of people
saying like I was a page standing in the
hall at NBC and he said wipe that stupid
smile off your face and it really was a
nice little gift something people could
tell their families a little story about
Don Rickles because really you just want
to be it's like the Pope you want to be
touched on the head and in this case you
do want to be insulted by donnas he
walks by I was just thinking as we're
holding hands getting ready to come out
it was he wanted so bad to get a Kennedy
honor can understand her honor you could
work on that I know he had a theory that
somehow he had offended the Kennedy
family in the past he said something to
joke any about hookers and handguns yes
no Kennedy probably could have been dead
for what how many years right like what
70 years we shall describe were you at
the dinner the last time I said boy but
before I die I hope I just get one of
those those honors I have discussed it
with him he seemed certain that but that
would be a lovely thing I emailed
someone at the Kennedy Center it was
just a random thing you just go online
no I no I you know that I email
different things I had done a roast of
James Carville there and it will did a
lovely thing for us hold you have any
other guests because mom are you saying
shut up MA no we're but I never thought
you'd be friends this long oh my god the
first four years we work together we
weren't like besties you were bringing
all the hot women in the world to the
show you had a mullet you were Uncle
Jesse and
I was a married guy and living the
Palisades I don't know what the hell was
going on you're you're getting accurate
old time I was trying write jokes at
night you're as da McCall you were
wanted you mean you guys are going to
done like the old guys on the Muppet
work I hope that happens I hope so sir
John same with Bob Saget everybody
Las Vegas August 9 through 11 thanks for
watching if you like that subscribe to
our YouTube channel for all the latest
videos and it did it subscribe anyway
it's free who cares